readme.md, before:

# SALVATORE GURZI PORTFOLIO
This is the code of my portfolio that I will host in the siteground domain with my initials

# OBJECTIVE 
- Showcase the work I am capable of and my project done during free time
- Transpose all the content from https://salvatoregurzi.portfoliobox.net/
# TODO - CONTENT
- Delete all the unecessary written parts
- Delete work part
- Add an entry image for every work
- Add content for XR Collaboration
- Add content for One Piece mini game
- Add content for shooter game with images
- Add content for Journey to redemption
- Add small images with link for github and itch.io
- Convert all the images to jpg in order to reduce space on the DB and energy consumption
- Add mini bar to watch the images from mobile
- Fix behaviour of second slide that become bigger with less images 

# TODO - ABOUT
- add capabilities written in short
- delete all the unused parts 

# TODO - MAIN BAR
- Delete contact part

#HOW TO
- To create the thumbnail with gimp: crop the image to the ratio you want (eg. 1:1) then scale them (300x300) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfhJcIGH4o0

Commit message:

readme update with how to siteground

readme.md, after:

# SALVATORE GURZI PORTFOLIO
This is the code of my portfolio that I will host in the siteground domain with my initials

# OBJECTIVE 
- Showcase the work I am capable of and my project done during free time
- Transpose all the content from https://salvatoregurzi.portfoliobox.net/
# TODO - CONTENT
- Delete all the unecessary written parts
- Delete work part
- Add an entry image for every work
- Add content for XR Collaboration
- Add content for One Piece mini game
- Add content for shooter game with images
- Add content for Journey to redemption
- Add small images with link for github and itch.io
- Convert all the images to jpg in order to reduce space on the DB and energy consumption
- Add mini bar to watch the images from mobile
- Fix behaviour of second slide that become bigger with less images 

# TODO - ABOUT
- add capabilities written in short
- delete all the unused parts 

# TODO - MAIN BAR
- Delete contact part

#HOW TO
- To create the thumbnail with gimp: crop the image to the ratio you want (eg. 1:1) then scale them (300x300)
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfhJcIGH4o0
- To update the website on siteground: log in, go to "siti web", "site tools", sito > gestione files, e aggiungere i file aggiornati
alla cartella public_html
